hey guys a walk back to my Channel today
I have this Draya Michele makeup look so
I hope you guys enjoy so I decided to
use this very affordable palette this is
the alley girl smoky palette and as you
can tell by her luck it was very very
neutral very neutral glam so I am gonna
be applying this great tone as the
transition color and then I'm going to
be applying a shimmer shadow on the
eyebrow bone because she definitely had
a bit of glow underneath her eyebrows so
I felt like this color actually went
perfectly with the looks and then
afterwards were just me perfecting that
transition color so it's a little bit
more visible when we do apply our lashes
but for the center of the lid I decided
to go with a very light grey she didn't
really have much going on there since it
was a very natural look that I decided
to use that great tone on that area
sometimes I have a tendency of kind of
blending the shadows a bit with my
fingers I feel like it really does a
good job and just blending them and then
I'm going to be applying the RDL lashes
and demi wispies right after we're going
to begin to prime our face and I am
using the alley girl primer and for the
foundation I chose the Too Faced Born
This Way since she had a very natural
look and I am going to be blending it
with a damp Beauty Blender
the concealer that I'm going to be using
is the LA girl Pro conceal in the color
creamy beige and then just blending it
with my death Beauty Blender
afterwards I'm just me studying
everything with my Sasha cosmetics
Buttercup powder and for the bronzer I'm
going to be using a two-faced a little
black book of bronzers but i'm using the
color dark chocolate Soleil her face was
very very natural but very bronze so I'm
gonna try to attempt to recreate that
aspect of her makeup
and I'm not going to forget to define my
nose by contouring it just a bit with
the same bronzer
and then afterwards we're going to be
taking the Sasha cosmetics Buttercup
powder again i noticed that her cheeks
were very very high are gonna be leaving
that powder alone but for now we're
going to be applying the highlights i
did end up blending the Gerard cosmetics
Audrey and soft and gentle by Mac since
I wasn't really sure which one I was
gonna use so i just decided to blend
them together now i'm just gonna be
blending everything together making sure
i take off the Buttercup powder and
we're going to go back to the eyes and
apply the same color that i did apply as
the transition color and smoke out the
bottom lash line now we're going to be
applying a bit of mascara on the bottom
lashes I'm going to be using the Sigma
Black monumental lash mascara and I'm
also going to be using it to blend my
falsies and my real lashes together and
now on the waterline I will be applying
the skipped cosmetics waterproof liner
since you did have eyeliner on her water
line and then for the lips I'm gonna be
using stone by Matt go here i'm just--my
lining my lips and then applying these
stone mac lipstick
and on top of the lash line we are going
to be applying the NYX matte liquid
liner in order she had a bit of liner on
the top of her lash band and then lastly
we are going to be applying a setting
spray this one is by NYX and we are all
done with this look I hope you guys
enjoyed this tutorial make sure to give
it a big thumbs up subscribe if you guys
have it and thank you so so much for
watching bye guys